Progress Sheet for the WebNEAT client

Prepared by: Nick
Prepared on: 12/15/06
Updated on: 4/10/07

Note: This is handled on the mlforge site now.

Organization:
Overall
XML Representation
Java Representation
Evolution
Activation
Rendering
GUI
Network
Parameter Information
Utilities
Documentation

Overall:
I have a test that runs and evolves using sigmoids only.
I can select multiple parents per generation
Only mutations right now.
I have not tested loading a saved series and continuing it. I've only tested a fresh start.
All images are cached, so going back/forward is instantaneous.
Rendering occurs on a thread, but for now all controls are disabled until it finishes.
Evolution is not checking for recurrencies ATM :(

XML
Genome done
Series needs approval

Java
Representation Done
Some clean up needed, but minimal.

Evolution
Working.
Does not check for recurrencies yet (it does now!)
Does not do crossover now
No speciation

Activation
Working and uses look up tables
Number of activations for recursion still open (Adam, Verify?)

Rendering
GreyScale
Caches results, so browsing is instantaneous (works, but memory is not considered yet)
Flexable interface allows easy addition of color if needed.  I will be trying this soon :)

GUI
"Quick" GUI works as a JFrame.
Applet version works.
Back/Forward/Spawn Work ("Spawn is the equivalent of "next gen")
Restart: pops up a box telling you that it cannot be "undone"
Save/Publish Not working... I'm not sure about how this will work without the network stuff.
Highlights currently selected parents (remember parents as you browse, so you don't have to re-select)
Considering adding aome "statistics" to the GUI to keep track of things like memory usage, render time, etc.
Uses LayoutManagers, so everything should look ok in smaller resolutions.

Network
Unsure, afaik, there has not been a good test yet. (David?)

Parameter Information
Hardcoded in a pretty gross way, we need to discuss what is in the table and how to represent it over the network.

Utilities
ASCII-to-Binary Compression working
PNG creation from a genome is not implemented yet (this will take me about 10-15 minutes).

Documentation
About 40% of the objects are javadoced
Outdated UML class diagrams for 2 packages (about 6 packages total)
I'll work on documentation some more and create javadocs for everything.

Bugs
Back+Select+Forward invalidates the actual parents that are highlighted, should it change?